Surgeon: North Korean defector 'was like a broken jar'

North Korean defector's life-saving surgery
CNN's Paula Newton gains exclusive access to video inside the operating room as doctors save the life of a young North Korean defector.
Defector's family returned to North Korea after being caught in China
Chinese authorities have sent the wife of a North Korean defector back to the hermit state, despite an emotional plea from her husband to Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Ghost ships wash up in Japan with skeletons on board
At least four ships have washed up on Japan's west coast this month, some with bodies on board, and while authorities haven't confirmed their origin, signs suggest they're from North Korea.
Time Person of the Year: Shortlist includes Kim Jong Un
The nominees for Time Person of the Year include President Trump, the #MeToo movement, Colin Kaepernick and Kim Jong Un.
World's biggest Starbucks just opened in China

Apple may not need this supplier

Meet the beer baron fighting extradition to India

Lamborghini unveils world's fastest SUV
The 190-mph Lamborghini Urus will transform the Italian luxury automaker.
10 ways to change the world
Their missions vary greatly: To provide loving homes for orphaned children, feed those in crisis or  mend war's psychological wounds.
Kids build cars and a toolkit for the future
Aaron Valencia was a teenager when his life hit rock bottom.
Gaining hope after limb loss
On a spring day in 1990, Mona Patel was walking to class at Cal Poly University when a drunken driver slammed into her. She was 17.
Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth

San Diego homes for sale

Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now


Nonetheless, when questioned, Kang Kyung-wha said that the North Koreans have developed their program at "a pace that's far faster than many of us have expected."

CNN looks at the complex history of the Irish border, and why it's playing such a crucial role in Brexit negotiations.

Read CNN's Fast Facts and learn about violence against UN peacekeeping forces. This is a selected list of incidents from 1990 to the present.

The former President of Yemen was killed while fleeing his home, crushing hopes for peace in the war-torn country. CNN's Ben Wedeman reports.

CNN's Paula Newton gains exclusive access to video inside the operating room as doctors save the life of a young North Korean defector.

New details indicate that North Korea's latest missile test may not have been as successful as Kim Jong Un's regime claims. CNN's Brian Todd reports.

Amy Greene, Political Science Researcher, joins CNNi as she analyzes the potential political and legal ramifications of Trump's Twitter admissions on Flynn

CNN's Clarissa Ward travels to Greenland to examine how the melting ice sheet is affecting coastal sea levels in, "Global Warning: Arctic Melt."
Pope Francis Fast Facts
View the Pope Francis Fast Facts from CNN and learn more about the current pope and first non-European pontiff of the modern era.

Trump Advisory Board member Jeff Ballabon appears on CNNi's State of America to discuss the Michael Flynn guilty plea.

CNN Legal Analyst Michael Zeldin discusses the possibility of obstruction of justice by the Trump administration.

The creator of hit Broadway musical Hamilton on bringing the show to London, Puerto Rico's plight, and why immigrants "have to work three times as hard."

Ajay Banga, the CEO of Mastercard, discusses why he turned the company's focus on growth in Africa and their digital payment strategies

Trade with China is creating opportunities and challenges for South Africa's macadamia nut industry
