Yemen's deposed strongman Ali Abdullah Saleh has been killed, allies and opponents say

	  Ali Abdullah Saleh, the deposed strongman who led Yemen for more than three decades and colluded with Iran-aligned rebels to topple his successor, was killed Monday as fighting raged between his followers and their former allies, according to officials on both sides. Saleh’s death removes one of...
	
Incumbent president leads in disputed Honduran elections, but no winner declared

	  Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, seeking a second term in office, continued to hold a slim lead Monday as officials largely completed the count in disputed national balloting. But eight days after the voting, authorities had yet to proclaim a winner as the opposition continued to allege...
	
Britain hoped to initial a 'Brexit' deal, but an old controversy — the border in Ireland — forced a setback

	  The Irish border question took center stage in Britain’s negotiations to leave the European Union on Monday, causing a major setback for Prime Minister Theresa May, who had hoped to conclude an initial agreement but instead was forced to acknowledge talks had faltered. Eighteen months after the...
	
Protesters against inequality occupied vacant land in Brazil. Now they're a mini-city of 8,000 families

	  The first 500 arrived at sunrise. They trooped past the handful of homes on their left, up the dusty hill at the end of the street and through the single row of sparse trees to the vacant lot, plastic tarps folded under their arms and wooden posts in hand. While some quickly mounted makeshift shacks...
	
How a chance meeting with Einstein led to the accidental start of a unique photography career

	  In 1948, Marilyn Stafford, a young aspiring actress in New York City, tagged along with two friends who traveled to Princeton to film a documentary about Albert Einstein. As they pulled up in front of Einstein’s New Jersey home, one of the friends tossed a 35-millimeter camera to Stafford sitting...
	
U.S. airstrikes rise sharply in Afghanistan — and so do civilian deaths

	  Residents of a farming area in eastern Afghanistan say 10 villagers were killed when a U.S. airstrike hit their truck in August. The U.S. military has pushed back strongly against reports of civilian casualties.
	
Worried that their election is being stolen, Hondurans take to the streets in droves

	  Thousands of opposition backers waving banners and shouting anti-government ballads marched through the streets of the Honduran capital Sunday in a boisterous but peaceful repudiation of the administration of President Juan Orlando Hernandez. The mostly young demonstrators repeated the president’s...
	
Russia investigation sheds new light on Jared Kushner's involvement with Moscow

	  The expanding federal investigation into Russian interference in last year’s election is shining new light on the central role played by one member of President Trump’s inner circle — his son-in-law and top advisor Jared Kushner — in reaching out to Moscow. The latest disclosure — that even before...
	
A 40% price cut hasn't helped Uber in Africa’s biggest economy

	  For the past two years, Frederick Aguinede has spent most of his time behind the wheels of cars he will never own. He wakes before dawn, turns on his Uber app and doesn’t return to his apartment until long after dusk — usually clocking more than 12 hours on the road each day. On paper, it looks...
	
CIA directors past and present spar over President Trump's tweets

	  President Trump’s provocative use of social media — including his <a href="http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-muslim-20171129-story.html" target="_blank">recent retweeting of three anti-Muslim videos</a> from a far-right British fringe group — could put lives at risk, according to one former CIA director. The agency’s current director, meanwhile, countered that Trump’s tweets have helped...
	
Yemen's deposed strongman says he is open to talks with Saudi coalition

	  Yemen’s deposed strongman Ali Abdullah Saleh called Saturday for a popular revolt against his former rebel allies and said he was open to dialogue with the coalition of Persian Gulf states they have been battling for more than two years. Saleh’s offer to “open a new page” with the Saudi Arabia-led...
	
Human rights groups denounce Honduras curfew as presidential vote count drags on

	  An uneasy calm fell over this Central American capital Saturday as police and soldiers enforced a curfew imposed following days of protests and unrest in the aftermath of disputed national elections. The final results of presidential balloting last Sunday remained unclear as the opposition demanded...
	
Honduras declares curfew as street violence persists amid disputed election count

	  The government of Honduras declared a nationwide curfew late Friday in an effort to quell an outbreak of violent street clashes, road blockades and looting that have followed last Sunday’s disputed presidential election. The imposition of a curfew for 10 days between 6 p.m. and 6 a.m. — suspending...
	
She begged him not to leave Mexico again. But the lure of America was powerful, and deadly

	  Agustín Poblete Ortega knew that sneaking into the United States had become more dangerous than ever. Yet he yearned for paychecks that would allow him to save a little, instead of just barely scraping by. "This is the last time," he promised his younger brother before he left.
	
In Mexico, they made a new American dream — minus their kids

	  When the Almanzas returned to their hometown of Malinalco in 2012, they were not alone. Census data shows more than 1 million Mexicans and their families left the U.S. for Mexico between 2009 and 2014, and fewer made their way north, a demographic shift that is reshaping the immigration equation.
	
For a deported man and his family, an uneasy ‘homecoming’ in Mexico

	  Roberto Tetatzin knew he was going to be deported to his native Mexico. Now he and his partner, Judith Cristal Gudino, would have to decide what to do next. Should the girls stay in the U.S. with Gudino, or should the whole family relocate to Mexico?
	
Amid cries of 'fraud!' and clashes with police and soldiers, Honduras awaits results of presidential vote count

	  Tension was building in the Honduran capital as residents awaited the final results of vote counting that has dragged on for days, and supporters of a political newcomer who challenged the incumbent president clashed with security forces. The election pitted Salvador Nasralla, a television personality...
	
Trump weighs replacing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with CIA chief in another top-level shake-up

	  President Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have clashed repeatedly in public over the last year, and America’s top diplomat did not deny recently that in private he had called his boss — undiplomatically — a “moron.” On Thursday, multiple media reports said Trump was actively considering...
	
Transatlantic rift widens over inflammatory Trump retweets from British far-right group

	  If President Trump thought a transatlantic outcry over his online sharing of far-right anti-Muslim Twitter posts might begin subsiding Thursday, that seems to have been a political miscalculation. In London, the furor that first stirred Wednesday with the president’s retweeting of videos promoted...
	
Trump poised to move U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and declare the ancient city the capital of Israel

	  President Trump is preparing to formally declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel and order a review of the best way to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv, two officials said Thursday, actions that would reverse decades of U.S. policy and international peacemaking efforts, and could inflame the...
	
Gaming is flourishing in the Arab world — and governments are taking notice

	  For generations of Arab children, the common refrain among parents with ambitions for their offspring has been: “doctor, engineer, lawyer — or don’t bother.” Now there’s a push to add new titles: game developer, e-sports athlete, YouTuber. That is the goal of a slew of governmental bodies here,...
	
San Diego couple arrested in Thailand for baring their backsides at a religious site

	  Thai authorities arrested two American tourists this week for baring their rear ends at a Bangkok Buddhist temple and posting pictures online. They could theoretically spend up to seven years in prison. The men have been identified as Joseph Dasilva, 38, and Travis Dasilva, 36 — minor Instagram...
	
Honduran president pulls ahead in vote, but opposition says election is being stolen

	  Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez has pulled ahead of challenger Salvador Nasralla in a new partial vote count, amplifying claims by Nasralla’s supporters that Sunday’s presidential election is being stolen and edging Honduras toward a political crisis. Nasralla, a television personality...
	
Denounced as racist but retweeted by Trump: What is Britain First?

	  The tiny but virulent anti-Muslim group Britain First was virtually unknown in the United States until Wednesday, when President Trump retweeted a trio of inflammatory videos posted by one of its leaders. Trump’s online sharing prompted criticism on both sides of the Atlantic, including an unusual...
	
In Beijing, a mass eviction leads to a rare public display of rage

	  Sun Di arrived in Beijing with a dream. In May, the 28-year-old moved to Zhouying village, a swath of low-budget apartment blocks on the city’s outskirts. He found a menial job at a pharmaceuticals company but aspired to start his own business. Then came the evictions. On Nov. 18, a fire tore through...
	
