Yemen’s Ex-President Killed as Mayhem Convulses Capital
Former president Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen at a rally with his supporters in Sana, Yemen, in August.
Brexit Talks Hit Hurdle as D.U.P. Balks at Irish Border Plan
Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain and the European Commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, before a meeting in Brussels on Monday.
Warrant for Carles Puigdemont, Catalan Separatist, Is Dropped
The ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, third from left, at an event in Brussels with mayors and former councillors from the region this month.
Kremlin Denies Flynn Influenced Decision on Sanctions
Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser to President Trump, after his plea hearing in Washington last week.
North Korea’s Missile Launch Gave Airline Pilots a Jolt
North Korea released this photo, which it said showed the launch of its Hwasong-15 missile on Wednesday. Crews from three commercial jets reported seeing its re-entry over the Sea of Japan.
Reza Zarrab, Taped in Jail, Said Lying Was Ticket to Freedom
“Reza says in such a country, in order to get out or get a reduced sentence, you need to admit to crimes you haven’t committed.” Reza Zarrab in 2013.
Five Strongmen, and the Fate of the Arab Spring
Four leaders waved from a motorcade before an Arab Cooperation Council meeting in Egypt in 1989. From left, Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen, Saddam Hussein of Iraq, King Hussein of Jordan, and Hosni Mubarak of Egypt. Mr. Saleh was reported to have been killed on Monday.
Malta Arrests 10 Over Killing of Journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia
The wreckage of the car in which the journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia was killed in October.
Krefeld Journal: The German Amateurs Who Discovered ‘Insect Armageddon’
Thomas Hörren, a member of the Entomological Society Krefeld, collecting beetles from a soil sample.
China Will Lead an Electric Car Future, Ford’s Chairman Says
Fords at an auto show in Guangzhou, China, last month. Ford Motor said Tuesday that it planned to introduce 15 models in China by 2025 that run at least in part on batteries.
Son of Slain Yemen Leader Is Said to Vow Revenge
The presidential palace in Sana, Yemen, on Tuesday, after warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition struck it and other targets, news reports said.
Google Missed Out on China. Can It Flourish in India?
Cellphone users in Jodhpur, India, where Google sent a researcher this week to get feedback about apps. Google is changing core products in India to use less data and work better on low-end smartphones.
Amazon’s Australian Launch Brings Excitement, Dread and Defiance
Amazon’s debut in the Australian marketplace featured only a few hundred sellers – or third-party vendors.
Honduran Vote Recount Urged as Tally Shows President Is Ahead
Honduran election officials said President Juan Orlando Hernández had won a narrow margin of votes, but international monitors asked for recounts.
Australia Diary: Australia Diary: Kindness, Poetry and Song
The huge and terrifying huntsman spider.
Utah, Roy Moore, Travel Ban: Your Monday Evening Briefing

Ali Abdullah Saleh, Strongman Who Helped Unite Yemen, and Divide It, Dies at 75
Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen at the presidential palace in Sana in 2008.
Supreme Court Allows Trump Travel Ban to Take Effect
The Supreme Court in Washington. The third and newest version of the travel ban, issued by President Trump in September, imposed restrictions on citizens of Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen.
Eurogroup, Looking Past Period of Crisis, Picks New Leader From Portugal
Mário Centeno, Portugal’s finance minister, was chosen to be the new leader of the Eurogroup, which manages crises for the eurozone.
Cyclone Lashes Southern India, Killing at Least 21
Residents tried makeshift barriers to block sea water from entering their homes after flooding caused by Cyclone Ockhi in Chellanam in the southern state of Kerala, India, on Saturday.
Judge Frees Some Jailed Catalan Separatists, but Holds Others
Demonstrators in Barcelona, Spain, last month held banners in Catalan that read, “Freedom for the political prisoners.”
Gay Australian Politician Proposes During Same-Sex Marriage Debate
Tim Wilson, a liberal member of Parliament in Australia, during a debate Monday about same-sex marriage in which he proposed to his partner, Ryan Bolger.
U.S. and South Korea Start Air Force Drills Amid Heightened Tensions
A United States Air Force F-22 Raptor taking off Monday from an air base in Gwangju, South Korea.
Talk of a Peace Plan That Snubs Palestinians Roils Middle East
Tourists with a panoramic view of Jerusalem’s Old City.
Huge Protests in Honduras as Contested Vote Crisis Escalates
Supporters of Salvador Nasralla, the main presidential opposition candidate, protesting in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, on Sunday.
Venezuela Plans a Cryptocurrency, Maduro Says
The “petro” will be used in the country’s fight against the Trump administration’s financial “blockade,” President Nicolas Maduro said.
Corsican Nationalists Make Strong Showing in Election
Nationalists running in the French Mediterranean island’s territorial election won almost half the vote. The second will take place on Sunday.
U.S. Quits Migration Pact, Saying It Infringes on Sovereignty
Migrants rescued on the Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast, in August.
Help Assad or Leave Cities in Ruins? The Politics of Rebuilding Syria
Syria has been ravaged by years of war, but President Bashar al-Assad is still in power. In July, his portrait hung in Al Waer, once a well-to-do area of Homs, now a ghost of its former self.
China’s A.I. Advances Help Its Tech Industry, and State Security
Liu Qingfeng, the chairman of iFlyTek, after his presentation at a conference in Beijing about artificial intelligence.
The New York Times Is Awarded German Prize for ‘International Understanding’
President Frank-Walter Steinmeier of Germany, center, awarding the Marion Dӧnhoff Prize to Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr., right, the publisher of The New York Times, and to Dean Baquet, its executive editor.
Trudeau Steps Up on Trade for Canada, as America Under Trump Pulls Back
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau arriving in Beijing on Sunday.
As China Rises, Australia Asks Itself: Can It Rely on America?
United States Marines marching in Darwin, Australia, this year on Anzac Day, a day of remembrance for veterans. The United States has long been Australia’s security guarantor.
11-Year-Old Has Spent Her Life in Jail, a Serial Killer as a Cellmate
Shirin Gul and her daughter Meena, 11, in the women’s wing of the Nangarhar provincial prison, in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, where Ms. Gul is serving a life sentence.
She Wants Independence. Is That Dangerous?
Esraa is looking to rent an apartment with her friends. In Egypt, where personal freedom can be routinely compromised in the name of religion, family and country, that makes her a rebel. Like many in her generation, she is gasping for change. Can she win?
Major Royal News. Impose Story of Your Choice.
The Duchess and Duke of Cambridge after the birth of their son, Prince George, in 2013.
U.A.E. Denies Yemen Rebels Fired Missile at Abu Dhabi Nuclear Plant
Houthi fighters in Sana, Yemen, on Sunday.
China’s Top Ideologue Calls for Tight Control of Internet
Wang Huning spoke Sunday at the opening of the fourth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, China.
Saleh’s Offer to ‘Turn a New Page’ in Yemen Is Welcomed by Saudi Coalition
Ali Abdullah Saleh, the former president of Yemen, said he was ready for a “new page” in ties with the Saudi-led coalition if it stopped attacks on his country.
Reporter’s Notebook: Pope Defends His Myanmar Diplomacy: ‘I Did Not Negotiate With the Truth’
Pope Francis, during a news conference aboard his plane on Saturday, said he was “very satisfied” with the meetings he had in Myanmar and Bangladesh.
A Man Among Female Leaders: ‘The Risk of Mansplaining Is Very High’
A rare man at a summit of women political leaders: Xavier Prats Monné turns heads in his suit.
At Iran Sanctions Trial: A Star Witness Revealed, and a Sleepy Juror
Reza Zarrab in Istanbul in 2013. He has testified in a New York trial about how he carried out a scheme to smuggle Turkish gold for Iranian oil.
A Wary Response, So Far, on Trump’s Expected Recognition of Jerusalem
The Damascus Gate to Jerusalem’s Old City. President Trump is expected to break decades of precedent by declaring Jerusalem the capital of Israel.
Emiratis Arrest Egyptian Presidential Candidate Ahmed Shafik, Lawyer Says
Ahmed Shafik in 2012, when he narrowly lost Egypt’s only free presidential election.
In a Venezuela Ravaged by Inflation, ‘a Race for Survival’
A couple looking at the newly increased prices for food in a store’s window display in Caracas. Venezuelans of all economic classes have been buffeted by sharply rising costs.
How Ireland Moved to the Left: ‘The Demise of the Church’
A vigil in Dublin in October commemorating the fifth anniversary of the death of Savita Halappanavar, who died after she was denied a medically recommended abortion following a miscarriage.
