Photos from North Korea's east coast show how tough life is away from the capital
North Korea, according to the country’s regime, is a “socialist paradise.” But images by a British photographer who was permitted to travel along the country’s east coast portray a life straight out of the 19th century as people bundled up in winter coats push bicycles over rutted dirt roads between buildings with the paint peeling off.
The death of Yemen's strongman sets the stage for even more chaos
Ali Abdullah Saleh is partially to blame for Yemen’s civil war after allying himself to a rebellion that unseated the weak Saudi-backed government that had replaced him.
U.S. officials say Assad can’t win civil war, despite Russian claims
The Trump administration pushed back against the narrative from Moscow and Damascus, with descriptions of a fragile Syrian state that is grappling with severe infrastructure damage and relying on outside powers for cash, food and fighters.
Russia names Radio Free Europe and Voice of America ‘foreign agents’
The move, which includes Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, is in retaliation to a Justice Department decision that RT, previously known as Russia Today, must register as a foreign agent because of its alleged role in interfering in U.S. affairs.
Mattis urges Pakistan to ‘redouble’ efforts against Islamist militants
The defense secretary appeared to adopt a milder, more diplomatic tone during his brief visit compared with the language he used in congressional hearings to accuse Pakistan of harboring Afghan Taliban fighters.
Ukrainian protesters free former Georgian leader Saakashvili after detention by authorities
It is the latest dramatic episode in the career of man who has held office in two countries, and may soon be facing charges in both.
Top al-Qaeda leader killed in Afghanistan in U.S.-Afghan operation
Afghan intelligence claimed at least 80 other members of the network were killed in operations.
The book that could change South Africa
Jacques Pauw’s exposé about Zuma’s rule could lift the “corruption fatigue” shrouding the nation’s politics.
Islamic State’s ‘caliphate’ has been toppled in Iraq and Syria. Why isn’t anyone celebrating?
Both countries are girding for a wave of terrorist attacks as ISIS returns to its insurgent roots and political rivalries remain unresolved.
Russia names Radio Free Europe and Voice of America ‘foreign agents’
The move comes in retaliation for U.S. actions against the RT news network.
Ukrainian protesters free former Georgian leader Saakashvili after detention by authorities
It is the latest dramatic episode in the career of man who has held office in two countries, and may soon be facing charges in both.
The book that could change South Africa
Jacques Pauw’s exposé about Zuma’s rule could lift the “corruption fatigue” shrouding the nation’s politics.
The death of Yemen's strongman sets the stage for even more chaos
Ali Abdullah Saleh is partially to blame for Yemen's civil war, but his death may only make things worse.
Senior U.N. official to visit North Korea this week
Jeffrey Feltman, a senior official at the United Nations and a former U.S. diplomat, will visit North Korea for four days, starting Tuesday.
The death of Yemen's strongman sets the stage for even more chaos
Ali Abdullah Saleh is partially to blame for Yemen's civil war, but his death may only make things worse.
Trump administration pushes back against narrative of imminent Syrian military victory in civil war
Officials describe a fragile Syrian state, despite assertions of strength from Moscow and Damascus.
Arab warnings mount as U.S. suggests move to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel
Jordan and Egypt join the backlash, claiming such a decision could collapse peace efforts and ignite unrest.
Former Yemeni leader Ali Abdullah Saleh has died amid escalating fighting, aides and rebels say
Reports indicated he was killed by the rebel group known as the Houthis, former allies he had split with last week.
Senior U.N. official to visit North Korea this week
Jeffrey Feltman, a senior official at the United Nations and a former U.S. diplomat, will visit North Korea for four days, starting Tuesday.
Mattis urges Pakistan to ‘redouble’ efforts against Islamist militants
The defense secretary adopted a milder tone during his brief visit compared with his congressional testimony.
Brexit talks stumble as British leader faces anger at home
Monday’s negotiations break without a deal, as Europe waits for Theresa May to quell dissent.
Kremlin denies that Flynn persuaded Putin to hold off on retaliatory sanctions
The Russian president’s spokesman said it’s “absurd” to think such a proposal would have been passed along.
He blushed and asked his partner to marry him — during a parliamentary same-sex marriage debate
"So there’s only one thing left to do,” Tim Wilson, a member of the Australian Parliament, said. “Ryan Patrick Bolger, will you marry me?”
What became of the Arab Spring's ousted dictators
Ali Abdullah Saleh's death is the latest chapter of the turbulent aftermath of the 2011 Arab Spring protests.
U.S., South Korea begin air combat drills that include simulated strikes on North Korea
Pyongyang denounces the exercises as provocative and dangerous.
Photos from North Korea's east coast show how tough life is away from the capital
While the North Korean regime celebrates its latest missile launch, photos from cities along North Korea's east coast show a life straight out of the 19th century.
Flight crew saw North Korean missile 'blow up and fall apart' near Japan
"Be advised, we witnessed the DPRK missile blow up and fall apart near our current location," Cathay Pacific Flight 893's crew reportedly said.
Venezuela’s economy is in free fall. The government says a digital currency is the answer.
Its launch would require a socialist government to think like a start-up.
Rahul Gandhi, son of India’s enduring dynasty, to take the helm of its oldest party
But can he counter Prime Minister Modi’s widespread popularity and the decline of his party?
The Latest: EU calls on US to stick to Iran nuclear deal
The Latest on U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s trip to Europe (all times local):
Arab, Muslim opposition building to any US nod on Jerusalem
Vociferous Arab and Muslim opposition was building Tuesday to any possible U.S. recognition of the hotly contested city of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.
Philippine leader declares communist rebels are terrorists
The Philippine president has formally declared that communist guerrillas waging a decades-long rebellion are terrorists, in his latest move jeopardizing the resumption of peace talks with the insurgents.
EU calls on US to stick to Iran nuclear deal
The European Union’s top diplomat says the United States stepping away from a landmark nuclear deal would be counterproductive and insisted other disputes with Tehran should be tackled otherwise.
Jean d’Ormesson ‘immortal’ of Academie Francaise, dies at 92
Jean d’Ormesson, a very public face among the usually discreet “immortals” of the prestigious Academie Francaise, whom French President Emmanuel Macron called a “prince of letters,” died on Tuesday. He was 92.
The Latest: Arab League warns Trump over Jerusalem move
The Latest on possible U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital (all times local):
